Oh
hello time travelers and welcome to this
this is a game I made for milby nobody's
a guy on the minecraft server he's a
help here it's let's player if you don't
know who he is and I don't know why
you're watching this video but yeah this
is a fan game I made for him for his
very popular katawa shoujo series he
reads the visual now I'm gonna stop
describing what he does because you
probably already know what he does yeah
this is a game based on his katawa
shoujo series and he really hates this
character her name is Yuko you're in it
why I already said I'm gonna stop
explaining things sorry uh yeah so this
is a little minigame the goal of the
game is to shoot you go in the head and
don't shoot Mickey because that makes
you a prick and it also do ducks from
your score which you can see in the top
left corner and I just pointed to like
an idiot uh yeah it's very combo based
you're trying to shoot as close as you
can to the little red dot on the
forehead and you get more points for
shooting multiple yukos at the same time
like I just failed to do despite making
the same i'm actually really bad at it
multi kill the combo text is all
shamelessly stolen from
the Unreal Tournament
can I get both these without killing me
he almost did so yeah you click on that
lever to reset the game and you get to
shoot more you goes
fail miserably because of the recoil
each round you get increases your cash
by one till one I think I made it one
pound per 10,000 points and you can use
that in the shop which you can get to by
pressing tab and you can buy takoyaki
grenades or nukes I always you could if
you had enough money which I don't and
there's lovely Lily attending the shop
and being blind that was really rude of
me I'm sorry uh yeah you start out with
three grenades in one takoyaki the
grenades you hold down Q and you can see
your strengths going up in the left-hand
corner I throw that far too far it
explodes of course if you don't know
what a grenade does they explode if you
get a perfect for then it gives you
extra monster cool and you can also use
a takoyaki which slows down time by
pressing R and you see that cool effect
only lasts like two seconds so it's not
super ropey and oh yeah you get more
points for shooting them from further
back obviously because that's
significantly harder and
I can't see who's what oh god I shot
Mickey my glasses you can also turn on
night vision mode don't ask me why that
works during the day shut up I know you
have stood when you're in night vision
mode you can zoom in with the mouse
wheel and yeah damn it line up oh oh
yeah that's actually really good score
for me I usually get like less than a
hundred thousand points per round I
think my high score was completely by
luck getting 511 thousand
and I will now cut to one I have enough
money to drop a nuke because those are
fun Knicks are always fun okay that took
far longer than I thought I did it
occurs to me now that I probably should
have made the new costs a little bit
less because it is really fun to use
it's a little bit rent you get in too
much I don't care cuz I hate you suck it
yeah I have 200 pounds now and I can buy
the nuke and for some reason that's
totally messed up my cash all right
sorry about that my recording doped up
so yeah I now have a nuke and you can
use those by pressing me you have to be
a certain distance away otherwise it
just said stand back for obvious reasons
you wouldn't want to do a nuke and
bye I just hate it when you're walking
backwards and you fall off a cliff
happens to me all the time look where
you're going guy all right you can spent
with holding shift and you have to aim
the cursor where you want to drop the
nuke and considering aiming is something
embedded I'm going to zoom in with night
mode and the closer you get to the
center of all of them the more points
that you get for killing them
I was fun shut up Nick I can still hear
you and yeah I think that's it I will
now leave you sing the song of my people
we owe
ah bye bye shut up game you're ruining
my outro